Havent you, at least once in your life, wished that you could travel back in time to undo something that youd done, or to do something differently? And what if you suddenly had that power? How much of your life would you change, and how much of that power would you use to chart the course of your future? Either way, even with this power, would one still really have any control over destiny?Any time travel film makes you ponder over these questions, but Richard Curtiss About Time is actually built around them. 21-year-old Tim discovers that he has the ability travel through time. Once Tim figures out how it works, he goes about trying to ensure that life for him pans out just the way he wants it.Curtis, quite the master of mush, creates a warm little world for gawky Tim; a world that makes you smile more than once, because of some adorable characters and some genuinely witty moments involving Tim and the people in his life; his father (an adequately charming Bill Nighy); Mary, the woman he loves (a slightly miscast but still lovable Rachel McAdams); his sister Kit Kat; and some more. Tim  played with the perfect mix of earnest awkwardness and charm by Domhnall Gleeson  is also often faced with situations that dont necessarily involve him directly, but which make him want to use his power nonetheless.Despite the unfair advantage that Tim has in his life, youre almost always rooting for him. You can almost tell when and why hell use his power, and how it will go. What makes you want his life to turn out just the way he wants it to is the fact that you can see that Tim is fundamentally a good guy. He wouldnt use his power to harm anyone, and the manner in which his character is written and acted convinces you of that almost instantly. The films weakest aspect is the time travel itself. Even though it is used with the intent of conveying a certain message each time and is to be taken at face value, the fact remains that it takes too many logical liberties far too often. So, instead of focusing on the where, why and when of it  which is what the film is actually supposed to be about  youre left wondering about the how - how did that happen, exactly, when it was clearly against the rules?Simply put, youre left thinking about the logical inconsistencies when instead you should be buying in to the films core message. Also, the film really slows down towards the end, when the message has been adequately hammered on your head a few times, and it still waits to spell the whole thing out for you.Despite the voluminous plot holes, the films warm, self-deprecating, quite British humour, the performances, and the honest message that the film tries to convey makes About Time a film that is never offensive and invariably happy. People in a certain frame of mind often look for a particular kind of film to catch on DVD or TV to elevate their mood. About Time is precisely that kind of film. Either directly or indirectly, it will make you see that theres no greater waste of time than a bad mood.