One always approaches a Wes Anderson film with trepidation. There are expectations, yes; but there are also those lingering fears: Will the bubble burst? Will the new world that youre about to enter enchant like the previous one he created? Will he finally cross the thin line that his indulgent attention to seemingly pointless detail treads? But then, I suppose thats the hallmark of a true visionary  that once youre inside the cinema and the lights dim, everything else fades away, and youre sucked in.The Grand Budapest Hotel is one of the most gorgeous films you can hope to see on the big screen. Beautifully staged, meticulously crafted frames that blend into each other like clockwork (each more captivating than the other), a universe of its own with enticingly flawed characters that inhabit it; all the staple Anderson tropes are there. Yet, he just seems to get better with each film. Set in three different time periods, the longest of which is in pre-World War II Europe, The Grand Budapest Hotel is essentially a caper film  it has robbery, murder, jailbreak, mystery, love, brotherhoods, wills and heirs and everything else that can glue one to their seat. And with the Anderson flourish, it becomes an experience all its own.Ralph Fiennes plays Gustave, a concierge at the titular hotel  a man gifted with words, women and a natural magnetic charm that makes him a leader. Looking at him with wide-eyed awe is an oddly named bell boy Zero. It is their escapades that propel the film, as they battle the likes of a deadly assassin and the Anderson reimagining of the Nazi SS  the ZZ  and we watch a story within a story, gobsmacked at the sheer beauty and craft on display.Theres also the subtle humour laced through the film, as characters stop in the middle of the tensest of situations to ponder on something unnecessary (but never irrelevant). In fact, Andersons penchant for humour is quite unparalleled, as long as youre only looking for the slightest of smiles to remain plastered on your face through the length of the film.But even in his crazed other-world where characters are the kind youve never seen before, theyre always written beautifully, rock-solid to the last d. You never once feel that a character behaves in any way that seems out of place for them  and there are plenty of loonies to keep you interested at all times. Even the sinister  almost heartless - aspects of the plot race along merrily with unabashed glee. Here is a filmmaker who can make the pointless murder of a cat seem just a wee bit ticklish. In fact, the manner in which morality is effortlessly reduced to nothing more than a point of view is one of the most interesting aspects of the film, once youve left it behind and are letting the experience sink in.The icing, then, is the cast of the film. While Andersons staples like Owen Wilson, Bill Murray, Edward Norton, Adrien Brody and the likes make appearances big and small  and each of them is a delight  the film belongs to Ralph Fiennes and young Tony Revolori who plays Zero. Their timing and spontaneity is impeccable, and they bounce off each other like crazy balls. Special mention must also be made of Willem Defoes terrifyingly hilarious look in the film  he plays Jopling, the assassin mentioned earlier.Wes Anderson is one of those rare filmmakers whose every indulgence youre willing to forgive, simply because of the loving detail he infuses into his frames, shots, scenes and characters. The Grand Budapest Hotel is yet another feather in his colourful and doubtlessly centre-aligned hat. 