With impeccable timing, Michael Clayton arrived just in time for the Academy Awards. It was nominated for seven Oscars, and to be fair, its not hard to see why.Director (and writer) Tony Gilroy keeps the action low but the tension high in this well-paced legal thriller. Gilroys previous writing credits include the Bourne series and Devils Advocate, but with Michael Clayton he gets to assume the directors chair and shape the movie to his liking. George Clooney gives a strong performance in the title role, playing a corporate lawyer increasingly torn between loyalty to his friend and colleague (Arthur Eden, played by Tom Wilkinson) and to his employers. Things are further complicated by Claytons fractured personal life  seemingly de rigueur for male Hollywood protagonists these days. Although he didnt win this time around, if Clooney keeps putting in these performances (and stays clear of more Oceans movies) hes likely to land an Oscar sooner or later, and although the role of Michael Clayton isnt as meaty as say, Bob Barnes in 2005s Syriana, theres still plenty for him to work with.The film is set mainly in New York City, although we get to see completely different side of the city to that we see in American Gangster, for example. Here, the villains are  for the most part  tucked away in their skyscraper offices, part of the sinister system so lucidly described by Wilkinsons Arthur in the films fabulous opening monologue.Perhaps the best word to describe the movie is understated. There are no actors chewing the scenery here. Instead, there are solid performances throughout the cast. Particular credit goes to Tom Wilkinson as Arthur and the excellent Sydney Pollack as Claytons sympathetic boss. Tilda Swinton does a fine job of portraying senior lawyer Karen Crowder, struggling to maintain a cool facade despite the pressures upon her. With George Clooney and his Oceans Eleven pal Steven Soderbergh both credited as Executive Producers, perhaps its no surprise that Michael Clayton looks slick. Expensive yes, but not flashy  in keeping with the tone of the movie. Similarly, the subtle soundtrack (a chord-heavy piano score) suits the mood well. Again, its slick.Gilroy touches on some interesting themes. Were reminded that the role of the lawyer is to represent their client  not necessarily see that justice is done. But at what cost, and where to draw the line?There are layers here too, as Gilroy lightly plays with a fantasy sub plot. However, Gilroy keeps the main story within the realms of possibility. In a post-Bhopal world  where cost-benefit analysis acts as corporate doublespeak for profits over human life  is the films U-North any different from Union Carbide? Similar ground has been covered before  most recently in Michael Manns The Insider (1998) but Gilroy manages to keep things fresh while simultaneously harking back to some of the great American thrillers of the 1970s. And of course, they picked up a few Oscars too...