Most women I know have admitted to hating or being scared at the thought of having children. Its surprising actually; theyre all killing the cliche about women loving babies. Even so, youll usually see people fawning over infants, children below the age of 7 or 8. Lets face it, when was the last time you heard someone say, OMG, I met the most adorable 11 year old!? In Howard Zeifs My Girl, however, you end up feeling a surging love for the two lead 11-year olds, Vada (Anna Clumsky) and Thomas J (Macaulay Culkin, yes the Home Alone kid). My Girl is a story about two kids and their innocent, starry-eyed lives as they move through lifes offerings.Vada is a hypochondriac attention seeker  typical pre-teen, who feels like the worlds coming to an end because her father, who owns a funeral parlour, has found new-found love in his make-up artist (Jamie Lee Curtis). She confides her crazy theories, intellectual rants and thoughts in Thomas J, her only friend. The setting is very "The Wonder Years" like; both kids face the regular troubles of a pre-teenage; You can sense a deep, deep friendship between the two  one they might not even be aware of. He claims Vada is his girl (via a more mature voiceover that gages the film)  and thats how you can see exactly why the movie is called so.Vadas father (Dan Ackroyd) is a typical sitcom father one who instills enough into Vada but is ignorant of her needs and questions. Its her relationship with her father, and her fears that leads to her personality  one of questions, admirations, astonishments and an endearing naivete. Jamie Lee Curtis as Shelly is smart and appealing  its through her that we realize Vadas issues with her father and relationships in general.The beauty of My Girl is the ability to see the two characters in a pure coming-of-age story. You often want to just make them sit in front of you with cookies and milk, and you want to talk to them. Tell them how lucky they are to be that young, and innocent, free from opinions and pressures. When the film gets over, youve lived an entire circle with the characters, and youll be left wishing there was more.Vadas relationship with the other characters in the film is remarkably told. She and her father share a very on-off, negligible relationship, and its a refreshing change to see a father-daughter relationship that isnt either abusive or saccharine sweet. Vadas teacher Mr Bixler (Griffin Dunne) is sensitive and very profound in his ability to invoke the wondrous thoughts in Vada. The background score includes many classic-cult hits from the time (the movies set in 1972). Its like a full-blown emotional nostalgic trip, the film. The DVD of My Girl has no extra features but heres why you should buy it. As a child there are many questions that are left unanswered  some your parents want you to figure on your own, some you overhear and some you just never understand. My Girl doesnt set out to answer them  it just allows you to enjoy the unanswered, free-spirited and naive childhood everyone should have. 